# Why?

Linkdoku contains puzzle and other content generated by our
community members. In order to ensure that everyone understands
the standard to which we hold our contributors you are required
to agree to these terms and conditions.

> **It is important that you read all the
> way through as this includes instructions on how to report problems
> to us if any occur.**

# Personal data and use of cookies and local storage on Linkdoku

By using the Linkdoku website whether you log in or not, the website
will store _in your browser_ which of the tutorials you have viewed
and which version of these terms and conditions you have agreed to.
During the time that popup messages are being displayed, these are
also stored in your browser. None of this is ever sent to a server.

However, if you choose to log in to Linkdoku then a cookie
will be stored in your browser which is encrypted and contains information
from the identity provider you chose to use to log in with. A role will
be created on the Linkdoku site which is initialised with the name that
provider supplied to us, but which you can override at will. This cookie is
sent back to the server and used there to check access rights and log
posting activity.

If you have any concerns about Linkdoku's storage of personally identifying
data, please contact us at the enforcement address listed in the
code of conduct below.

All of the above is considerd to be [strictly necessary][sn] to the operation of the
Linkdoku website. While the GDPR does not require us to seek consent
for such activity we feel it is worthwhile to be clear about what we
are doing. These terms and conditions are, in no sense, about seeking
permission for the above. If in the future Linkdoku adds support for any
not-strictly-necessary cookies then you will be presented with an independent
opportunity to grant or refuse such cookies.

[sn]: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/guidance-on-the-use-of-cookies-and-similar-technologies/what-are-the-rules-on-cookies-and-similar-technologies/#rules9

## Right to be forgotten

Because Linkdoku is, primarily, a service to allow people to store and
retrieve Sudoku puzzles, the deletion of data is not a common action;
however everyone has the right to be forgotten and if you feel that you
no longer want any data associated with your account to be accessible
via Linkdoku then please contact the enforcement address listed in the
code of conduct below to request the removal of that data.

# Licence terms for contributions

Any content that is contributed to Linkdoku remains the property
of the originator of the content. This means that the author of puzzles,
comments, or other content, retain the copyright over that content.

## Accessing content

By accessing content on Linkdoku, or via the Linkdoku APIs, you agree to
honour that copyright and to only use content you receive for personal
enjoyment. Just because content is published on Linkdoku does not grant
_you_ the right to redistribute it in any form.

## Posting content

By posting any content onto Linkdoku you assert that you have the right
to do so, either by way of being the author of the content, or else
that you have received permission from the author of the content.

In uploading any content, puzzle, comment, or otherwise, you are granting
the Linkdoku project a worldwide non-exclusive licence to retain and to
re-publish the content, via the Linkdoku websites and APIs, given the above
conditions.

> **Important:** If you believe that Linkdoku is distributing content which you own but
> for which you did not grant the above then please treat that as a
> contributor covenant violation and contact the Linkdoku team as below.

---
